# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian. 

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<section>`. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to Google around a bit before answering!)
Semantic elements in HTML are crucial because they give correct interpretation to the content. This means that the structure of the page is determined by the importance given to the content. Defining a header, section, footer element gives value and meaning to a page, thereby making the page more accessible. For example, assigning your content an article definition makes that blog post, or journalistic article self-contained, meaning that it will retain its structure and make sense even when printed as a physical copy or shared across the web. The information retains its meaning on different browsers and devices with accurate semantics. Additionally, these tags optimize search and maintain the clear hierarchy of content that distinguishes HTML. Thus, these distinct definitions and easy navigation of HTML webpages are significant because they structure and maintain information in a way that is easy to understand for all users, making their experience of the supporting coding infrastructure irrelevant; and therefore, the content widely accessible. 
## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.
